<h1 style="text-align: center"> My Research</h1>

The scholarly article I chose did research on using an e-portfolio and how it affects a student’s ability to set goals and their attitudes on learning. In the study that Huang et al. conducted they found that students that use an e-portfolio are more engaged in their learning because their enjoyment is high, leading to a more positive learning environment (2012). This shows that creating e-portfolios are beneficial in a student’s personal development to learn. Portfolios can provide a space for the student to self-reflect and assess their past projects, skills and personal values and set learning goals for themselves moving forward (Huang et al., 2012). Additionally, the study found that the type of goal frequently set by students are “Mastery goals” in which a student sets a goal to improve their skill with what they are learning. These students with mastery goals are said to, “demonstrate a positive attitude towards learning, challenging work, and deeper processing strategies for learning” (Huang et al., 2012).

To tie in this research with my personal goals, I think that the benefit of having a portfolio can make a student like me, strive for greatness and set higher goals and expectations for myself. As it was shown in the research, having a portfolio that outlines me as a person as well as showcase things that I have currently accomplished, can allow me to set bigger goals for myself as there is always room for improvement. An example is how I want to reconnect with old hobbies I used to do, and how I want to improve on those hobbies. Another example is my career goals, and how based on the projects I do this year and from my first year, I hope I get into the Co-op program and showcase my portfolio to professionals in the industry. The reflection of my past can help me think about where I want to be in my future.

Huang, J. J., Yang, S. J., Chiang, P. Y., & Luis SY Tzeng. (2012). Building an e-portfolio learning model: Goal orientation and metacognitive strategies. Knowledge Management & e-Learning, 4(1), 16–36. https://doi.org/10.34105/j.kmel.2012.04.003 